Swope brandi install updated (wtg on developer) (#6968)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: install/install_disconnected.adoc

You might need to install {acm} on disconnected {ocp} clusters. To install on a disconnected hub cluster, perform the following steps in addition to the usual install or upgrade steps that are for the connected network environment.

> **Required access:** Cluster administrator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Required access:* Cluster administrator
```

[#disconnect-confirm-ocp-installation]

> == Confirm your {ocp-short} installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Confirming your {ocp-short} installation
```

> While you are connected, verify that a {product-title-short} hub cluster is not already installed on your {ocp-short} cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you are connected, verify that a {acm-short} hub cluster is not already installed on your {ocp-short} cluster.
```

> You cannot have more than one hub cluster. {acm-short} allows only one single {acm-short} hub cluster installation on each {ocp-short} cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only have one single {acm-short} hub cluster installation on each {ocp-short} cluster. 
```

. To ensure that the {ocp-short} cluster is set up correctly, access the {ocp-short} web console with the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n openshift-console get route
----

+
See the following example output:

+
[source,bash]
----
openshift-console console console-openshift-console.apps.new-coral.purple-chesterfield.com               
console   https   reencrypt/Redirect     None
----

. Open the URL in your browser and check the result. If the console URL displays `console-openshift-console.router.default.svc.cluster.local`, set the value for `openshift_master_default_subdomain` when you install {ocp-short}.

> == Confirm availability of a local image registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Confirming the availability of a local image registry
```

*Best practice:* Use your existing mirror registry for the {olm} operator related content.

Installing {acm} in a disconnected environment requires a local mirror image registry. Because you have already completed the installation of the {ocp-short} cluster in your disconnected environment, you already set up a mirror registry for use during the {ocp} cluster installation.

If you do not already have a local image registry, create one by completing the procedure that is described in link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.15/html/disconnected_installation_mirroring#mirroring-images-disconnected-install[Mirroring images for a disconnected installation] of the {ocp} documentation.

[#disconnect-configure-olm]

> == Configure {olm}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configuring {olm}
```

[#additional-requirements]
=== Additional requirements 

> . When you complete the previous procedure, note the following requirements that are also specific to {acm}:

Reviewer: This is appearing as a step, is that intentional?

. link:https://docs.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.15/html-single/operators/index#olm-mirror-catalog_olm-restricted-networks[Mirroring the Operator catalog]
. link:https://docs.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.15/html-single/operators/index#olm-creating-catalog-from-index_olm-restricted-networks[Adding a catalog source for your mirrored catalog]

> 

Author: This can just be a step, there were some h4 headers in this file for some reason.

. Find the catalog source name. 

> . As described in the procedures in the {ocp} documentation, you need to add a `CatalogSource` resource to your disconnected cluster. *Important:* Take note of the value of the `metadata.name` field, which you will need later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. As described in the procedures in the {ocp} documentation, you need to add a `CatalogSource` resource to your disconnected cluster. *Important:* Take note of the value of the `metadata.name` field, which you need to use later.
```

> +

Reviewer: Is line 137 also a step that the user needs to complete? Or should it be a substep?

Author: This is a weird one. I didn't rewrite much of this file--we didn't test it. Just tried to fix some formatting. 

I will revisit but I think Find and Add could be the same step. (Find was a deep header)

If I cannot get the answer, I will change it back. This whole file needs a lot of work.

  image: myregistry.example.com:5000/mirror/my-operator-index:v4.x
  sourceType: grpc
----

+ 
You need the `metadata.name` field value for the annotation in the `MulticlusterHub` resource that you will create later.

> [#verify-required-package]

Reviewer: Change the title from Verify required packages are available to Verifying required packages are available

Author: I didn't plan on changing the headers for legacy content unless I had to rewrite them but I don't think it is wrong as it is. These headers just need to be clearly linked to the title. I sometimes will use the shorter verb case in headers.

The `mce-subscription-spec` annotation is required because {mce-short} is automatically installed during the {acm-short} installation. If you are creating the resource with a CLI, include the `mce-subscription-spec` annotation in the YAML that you apply with the `oc apply` command to create the `MulticlusterHub` resource.

> If you create the resource by using the OperatorHub console, switch to the _YAML view_ and insert the annotation as previously displayed. *Important:* There is no field in the OperatorHub console for the annotation in the _Field view_ panel to create the `MulticlusterHub`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you create the resource by using the OperatorHub console, switch to the _YAML view_ and insert the annotation as previously displayed. *Important:* There is no field in the OperatorHub console for the annotation in the _Field view_ panel to create the `MulticlusterHub` resource.
```
